TASK 1

At first we reset to the length of the destionation array because i don't know
why the test are runned at the same time and they were overlapping :)).
Then we will go through the array one by one. At first we will aplay 
a AND mask with 1 on the number we are on. And if the zero flag is triggerd
then the number is even. Then we will test if the number is power of two.
I did this with the forumula (n & (n - 1)) and if the zero flag is triggred then
the number is a power of two.

TASK 2

-SUBTASK 1

We will go through the arry of the evnts. And then we will verify if the 
event isvalid or not. This is  kind of straight forward :)) nothing special.

-SUBTASK 2

At this subtask I used the buble sort algorithm to sort the array of events.
It is implemented like in C :)). First for will go from 0 to n - 1 and the 
second one will go from i to n and it will check the validity, year, month,
day, and name to match the description of the sorting in the homework.

TASK 3

At first we will put the first character of the string in ah. Then it will
shift the bits to the right two positoion to have the 6 bits rquiered and to
store the 2 bits for the next character for encryption. Then we will move
the value form ah into ebx and that is the position for the char form the 
alphabet array. After this we will put the result in the destionation array.
And xor the ah to delete the bits used.

For the second 6 bits we need to shift 2 times to the left and then we put 
in al the second char then we move the bits to the left 4 times to get the 
second pair of 6 bits.

For the the third 6 bits we xor ah and then move the bits 4 times to the left.
Then we copy the third char into the al and move the bits 2 times to the left.
And we will get the third pair of bits in ah.

And for the last 4 pair of bits we will xor ah and then moves 6 times the bits
to the left.

TASK 4

The implementation of this algorithm uses a frequncy array that counts the 
frequncy of each number from the column, row, or box. And then it will check
the the array if all the elemnts are 1. And if there are all 1 the eax will 
be 1.

To position on the first element of the row we just use the formula row * 9
to give us the position of the first elemnt. And we will go thru the 
row by incrementing by 1.

To position on the first element of the column we just use the edx value.
And to go thru the column we just add 9 to go to the next element.

To position on the first element of the box, first we will divide the box
number by 3. Then we will take the quatient and muliply by 27 and add to it 
3 times de reminder of the first division. To go thru the bos we will 
go thru each line of the box and then add 7 to go to the next line.